README.md, before:

# South Roast: an e-commerce website for a local coffee roaster

![Website homepage on different devices](docs/am-i-responsive.png)

Developed by Benedict Amory Chambers
## Table of Contents

1. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    1. [User Goals](#user-goals)
    2. [Site Goals](#site-goals)
2. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    1. [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    2. [User Stories](#user-stories)
3. [Design](#design)
    1. [Design Choices](#design-choices)
    2. [Colours](#colours)
    3. [Fonts](#fonts)
    4. [Structure](#structure)
    5. [Wireframes](#wireframes)
4. [Technologies](#technologies)
    1. [Languages](#languages)
    2. [Frameworks and Tools](#frameworks-and-tools)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Testing](#testing)
    1. [HTML Validation](#HTML-validation)
    2. [CSS Validation](#CSS-validation)
    3. [JavaScript Validation](#javascript-validation)
    4. [Python Validation](#python-validation)
    4. [Accessibility](#accessibility)
    5. [Performance](#performance)
    6. [Compatibility](#compatibility)
    7. [Testing user stories](#testing-user-stories)
    8. [Testing user input](#testing-user-input)
    9. [Automated test](#automated-tests)
7. [Bugs](#bugs)
8. [Credits](#credits)
9. [Deployment](#deployment)
10. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Project Goals 

### User Goals 
### Site Goals
### Developer Goals

## User Experience

### Target Audience
### User Stories
#### First Time User
#### Returning User
#### Site Owner:

## Design 

### Design Choices
### Colours
### Fonts
### Structure
### Wireframes
### Enttity Relationship Diagram

## Technologies

### Languages 

HTML5

CSS3

JavaScript

Python

### Frameworks and Tools


[Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)

[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

[Git](github.com)

[Heroku](heroku.com)

[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

[Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/)

[Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)

[Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

[Favicon](https://favicon.io/)

[W3C Markup Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org/)

[W3C CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)

[JSHint](https://jshint.com/)

[CI Python Linter](https://pep8ci.herokuapp.com/)

[WebAIM Contrast Checker](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/)

[WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tools](https://wave.webaim.org/)


## Features

## Testing

### HTML Validation

Validated with the W3C Markup Validation Service

### CSS Validation

Validated with the W3C CSS Validation Service

### JavaScript Validation

Validated with JSHint

### Python Validation

Validated with Code Institute's CI Python Linter

### Accessibility

Validated with the WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tools

### Performance

Performance testing by Google Lighthouse in Google Chrome Developer Tools

### Compatibility
### Testing User Stories
### Testing User Input
### Automated Tests 

## Bugs

## Credits

### Media
### External Code

## Deployment

## Acknowledgements

Commit message:

docs: add project goals to readme

README.md, after:

# South Roast: an e-commerce website for a local coffee roaster

![Website homepage on different devices](docs/am-i-responsive.png)

Developed by Benedict Amory Chambers
## Table of Contents

1. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    1. [User Goals](#user-goals)
    2. [Site Goals](#site-goals)
2. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    1. [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    2. [User Stories](#user-stories)
3. [Design](#design)
    1. [Design Choices](#design-choices)
    2. [Colours](#colours)
    3. [Fonts](#fonts)
    4. [Structure](#structure)
    5. [Wireframes](#wireframes)
4. [Technologies](#technologies)
    1. [Languages](#languages)
    2. [Frameworks and Tools](#frameworks-and-tools)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Testing](#testing)
    1. [HTML Validation](#HTML-validation)
    2. [CSS Validation](#CSS-validation)
    3. [JavaScript Validation](#javascript-validation)
    4. [Python Validation](#python-validation)
    4. [Accessibility](#accessibility)
    5. [Performance](#performance)
    6. [Compatibility](#compatibility)
    7. [Testing user stories](#testing-user-stories)
    8. [Testing user input](#testing-user-input)
    9. [Automated test](#automated-tests)
7. [Bugs](#bugs)
8. [Credits](#credits)
9. [Deployment](#deployment)
10. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Project Goals 

This is an e-commerce website for a fictional local coffee roasters that offers a variety of products and services, and encourages user interaction and repeat business by including social features and other benefits to registering for an account with the site. It focuses on making use of the Django framework to develop a full-stack website with a solid and user-friendly frontend, complete and facile backend integration, and that delivers a good experience for the user and site owner that meets the goals of both. 

### User Goals 

- Easy browsing of the products the user may be interested in purchasing
- A simple and easy checkout process to allow for easy purchases
- A way to view, update, and delete their data; both for previous orders and for community focused user-created content

### Site Goals

- Encourage browsing and repeat purchases by providing a pleasant and attractive user experience
- Build a relationship and familarity between the business and its customers 
- Allow for management of an online business presence to increase custom and make connections

### Developer Goals

- Create an accessible, responsive website that provides the full intended experience to a range of users
- Integrate a functional and sensible backend data model that serves the customer goals and the site owner needs
- Make good use of Django to build a complete, secure, full-stack website as a solo developer

## User Experience

### Target Audience
### User Stories
#### First Time User
#### Returning User
#### Site Owner:

## Design 

### Design Choices
### Colours
### Fonts
### Structure
### Wireframes
### Enttity Relationship Diagram

## Technologies

### Languages 

HTML5

CSS3

JavaScript

Python

### Frameworks and Tools


[Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)

[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

[Git](github.com)

[Heroku](heroku.com)

[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

[Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/)

[Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)

[Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

[Favicon](https://favicon.io/)

[W3C Markup Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org/)

[W3C CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)

[JSHint](https://jshint.com/)

[CI Python Linter](https://pep8ci.herokuapp.com/)

[WebAIM Contrast Checker](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/)

[WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tools](https://wave.webaim.org/)


## Features

## Testing

### HTML Validation

Validated with the W3C Markup Validation Service

### CSS Validation

Validated with the W3C CSS Validation Service

### JavaScript Validation

Validated with JSHint

### Python Validation

Validated with Code Institute's CI Python Linter

### Accessibility

Validated with the WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tools

### Performance

Performance testing by Google Lighthouse in Google Chrome Developer Tools

### Compatibility
### Testing User Stories
### Testing User Input
### Automated Tests 

## Bugs

## Credits

### Media
### External Code

## Deployment

## Acknowledgements
